Licence Agreement and Copyright Statement for 

Engineering Mathematics Personal Tutor

© content K.A. Stroud and Dexter J. Booth 2001 & 2007
© product Palgrave Macmillan Ltd 2001 & 2007
Created by PerModum

The Stroud Engineering Mathematics Personal Tutor is based on the textbook Engineering Mathematics sixth edition, by K. A. Stroud with additions by Dexter J. Booth, published by Macmillan Publishers Ltd. The Personal Tutor was produced by Macmillan Publishers Ltd and incorporates software components from the LexEOS E Learning System. The Personal Tutor is proprietary to Macmillan Publishers Ltd.
The Personal Tutor is available to download as a companion to the textbook Engineering Mathematics sixth edition, by K. A. Stroud with additions by Dexter J. Booth. Parts or all of it may be available on a publicly accessible website proprietary to Macmillan Publishers Ltd.
The following licence agreement and copyright statement refer equally to the version of the Personal Tutor available to download and the version of the Personal Tutor made available for online use on the Macmillan Publishers Ltd. website, the latter known hereinafter as the “Personal Tutor online”. In the following the term “Personal Tutor” refers equally to both forms of its distribution.

ACCEPTANCE
YOU SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACCEPTED THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT STATEMENT BY LOADING AND OPERATING THE SOFTWARE EITHER AS A DOWNLOAD OR BY VISITING THE PERSONAL TUTOR ONLINE. IN DOING SO YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT AND BECOMING A PARTY TO IT.

LICENCE
Subject to the provisions contained herein, Macmillan Publishers Limited (trading as “Palgrave Macmillan”) hereby grants you a non-exclusive licence to use the Personal Tutor free of charge for your personal use. You are also permitted freely to copy and distribute the Personal Tutor to other private individuals provided (i) that you do not make any charge or derive any commercial benefit from so copying and distributing the Personal Tutor, and (ii) that this copyright notice and end-user licence agreement appears in all copies of the Personal Tutor.
In the event of any permitted copying or redistribution of the Personal Tutor, such use shall be for personal, non-commercial, educational use only and no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting the user of the Personal Tutor or any third party any interest in or to the Personal Tutor. All rights in and to the Personal Tutor are expressly reserved by Macmillan Publishers Ltd.

TITLE
All content contained in the Personal Tutor, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images and software, is the property of Macmillan Publishers Ltd. and protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content in the Personal Tutor is the exclusive property of Macmillan Publishers Ltd. and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws. All software used in the Personal Tutor is the property of Macmillan Publishers Ltd. or its software supplier and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws. 
All and any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights used or embodied in or in connection with the Personal Tutor is and shall remain the exclusive property of the Macmillan Publishers Ltd. 
Except as may be expressly permitted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 as amended by the Copyright (Computer Programs) Regulations 1992 or any other relevant national law you shall not dispose or display the Personal Tutor upon the screen by use of debugging, editing, disassembling, decompiling, diagnostic or other such means for the purpose of copying the Personal Tutor or any part thereof or translating it into another language. You further agree not to modify or create derivative works of the Personal Tutor. 
The Personal Tutor or any portion of it may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Macmillan Publishers Ltd. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of the Personal Tutor or its contents or any derivative use of the Personal Tutor or its contents. 

You may not publish or otherwise make available the Personal Tutor on a website or over a network, whether publicly or privately accessible, or whether of a commercial or not-for-profit nature.
You may not use data mining, robots, screen scraping, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on the Personal Tutor. 
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any content, trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form).
You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Personal Tutor website as long as the link does not portray Macmillan Publishers Ltd., its affiliates, or their services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Macmillan Publishers Ltd. logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. 

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
The Personal Tutor is provided free of charge on an ‘as is’ basis. No warranty is given by Macmillan Publishers Ltd. in relation to the Personal Tutor of the uses to which it may be put by you, the user, or its merchantability, fitness or suitability for any particular purpose or conditions; and/or that the use of Macmillan Publishers Ltd by the Licensee will not infringe any third party copyright or other intellectual property rights. Macmillan Publishers Ltd. shall furthermore be under no obligation to provide support of any nature for the Personal Tutor. 

LIMIT OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Macmillan Publishers Ltd. be liable for any loss or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with this licence, the Personal Tutor, its use or otherwise except to the extent that such liability may not be lawfully excluded. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, Macmillan Publishers Ltd. expressly excludes liability for indirect, special, incidental or consequential loss or damage which may arise in respect of the Personal Tutor or its use, or in respect of other equipment or property, or for loss of profit, business, revenue, goodwill or anticipated savings. 

TERMINATION
Macmillan Publishers Ltd. may terminate this licence by notice if you are in breach of any term, condition or provision of this licence. On termination you shall pay to Macmillan Publishers Ltd. all and any costs and expenses, including legal and other fees incurred in respect of the Personal Tutor, this licence or otherwise. 

APPLICABILITY
This Agreement is personal to you and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement, all intellectual property issues, and your rights and obligations shall be governed by and construed in all respects and in accordance with English law.
